You all need to stop this nonsense.
Today is the first official
game for the B team,
the opening of the Tokyo Metropolis League.
Man, your behavior this past week
is bringing down the team's morale.
Honestly, your opponent is not that strong.
Aoi
Fujimiya
Tachibana
Kuroda
Taira
Ohtomo
Asari
Nagano
Isshiki
Takeshima
Nikaido
Sub
Shima
Myojin  Saito
Togashi Kuwata
Numazu Roan
But at this rate, we might
very well let a win go. Man...
Tokyo Metropolis League Match 1 - Seikyo High School
Ever since that incident,
the animosity between us and Asari
sort of spread through the
rest of the first-years...
But talk about Asari!
Man, he is so unhappy that Ashito
was chosen to be a starter.
Because you stole their spot...
I just can't let go of what he said!
I feel the same way.
But can we play a match feeling like this?
Why were Kuroda and Asari mad at you?
Find the answer to that.
If you can't do that,
I won't field you in a match
for the next three months.
I haven't solved anything yet.
But all I can do now is play!
Jeez, I told you I'd come home.
When? Of course when I have time to do it.
You don't know when to stop, do you?
Are you my mother?
Old man! I mean, Manager Fukuda.
Oh, what's up, Ashito?
Is that Hana on the phone?
Yeah. It's Hana.
Wait, are you and Hana close or something?
Can you hold up your receiver for me to talk?
"Receiver"? Oh, like this?
Hey, I'm following your mean plan.
Hana
And... I'm off to play in a match!
As a starter right off the bat!
My official debut!
As expected from the reincarnation
of Ferenc Puskás!
My caliber is extraordinary!
Hana
You may come cheer for me.
That is all!
Ashito.
How are you feeling today?
Think you can win?
I've never had to think so
much about a game before.
But we'll win!
How?
I'll score goals.
I'm going to say something obvious here.
In soccer, you can't do anything by yourself.
More so than you think.
And that's exactly why it's so fun to play.
Main Ground   Today's Schedule
Youth B
Seikyo High School
Information
Tokyo Metropolitan League, Match 1
Hmm, Esperion Youth B...
Team B?
Jeez, a second team?!
Oh man, what do I do?!
I was told to photograph
the future Japanese National Team!
Sekiya-san is going to have my hide...
Seikyo! Let's go, Seikyo!
Oh, I'm on the opponent's side...
Unlike a flashy cheer for a high school team,
the youth team doesn't have much of
a following, so they're easy to spot.
The youth team is...
Yup, there they are.
By the way, is what you said earlier true?
Are there good players in the second team?
Do you know a lot about Esperion?
Hey, you...
You're very cute and kind, but...
Your face looks super scary.
Despite being the B team,
aren't they supposed to be elite players?
They're not that great.
What a disappointment, huh?
Why did you cut in, Takeshima?!
I wanted to pass it to the front!
No one's coming to follow up?!
Left side! Watch out!
Why did you all shy away?!
Nice goal!
You idiots!
Thirty-five minutes into the first half,
the score's zero to three...
Absolutely pathetic!
We may be the B team, but we're
still wearing Esperion uniforms!
We're doing what we're supposed to.
So tell me, Asari.
By "we," who exactly are you referring to?
We're all out of sync today!
Are you trying to blame everything
on us, the tryouts players?!
No, I'm not!
Stop it!
I'm so disappointed in all of you.
You carried the bad air you had in
the practice right into the game.
You made careless errors
and gave up three goals.
The problem isn't even your soccer, brats!
Aren't you here to become
professional players?
Right now, you don't have an
shred of professionalism in you!
My assignment...
I still have no idea!
In the first half, I tried
to be on the defensive,
which was fricking uncomfortable
and fricking boring.
I also tried less dribbling and
more passing to the others,
even though it was fricking boring.
I did my share of boring stuff
anyone could have done.
Man, I'm amazed at my skills
to do anything and everything!
After all, I'm a genius!
But I don't get it!
What Asari and Kuroda want
isn't anything like that.
Because they still won't even
look in my direction.
Look at me!
Don't you get it?!
If we don't work together,
we'll end up losing!
Coach Nozomi, please switch them out with
some of the second and third-years.
We can't make a play like this.
In particular, Aoi, Kuroda, and Asari on the
left line are not functioning at all.
I fully realize I am overstepping here,
but I don't want to lose!
Very well.
Wait...
If you can't complete the assignment...
Hold on...
Togashi, go in for Isshiki at
center back for the second half.
Wh-What are you saying?!
When things are already messy as is,
you plan to add Togashi in the mix?
I'm not so sure about it myself.
I don't feel I can go and score three goals
with these promoted players.
They're more interested in
protecting their elite status
and cheap sense of pride
over winning the game.
Those who grew up in the academy
haven't changed much.
You bastard!
Say it one more time!
Togashi!
That's not true.
Come again?
It's true that we're not in sync.
We aren't communicating.
But somehow, I know this to be true:
Everyone's doing the best they can.
None of us here is stupid enough
to think there's anything
more important than winning.
At least we have that in common.
Clean up whatever is festering.
I won't give you any more matches.
So use this one.
In the 45 minutes of the second half,
throw yourselves at each other.
It may cause a chemical reaction,
or you may self-destruct.
If you do, then that's all you really had.
You can go and do training runs until summer.
Thanks.
A-Are you serious?!
The defenders are four,
five... six at the back?!
The half-backs are mostly
positioned as defenders, as well.
Who knew they'd dare to fall back that much?
They're focusing on the defensive,
without regard to appearances.
That's right! All you gotta do is win!
You got this! You can beat the youth team!
Aoi, Kuroda, Asari!
You'd better know what you're doing.
Work it out as soon as possible.
The line you three are creating
is utterly useless right now.
The line we three are creating?
Why did only those two get mad?
Now that I think about it, back then...
The thing that only the three of us shared,
not the other players...
We were on the same line.
What is this feeling?
Something is about to connect.
What's happening?!
An unusual level of defense...
But it seems to be working really well.
And they don't have anyone to bust it open.
A second team is a second team...
Oh, come on!
I didn't hit him!
Don't give me...
Hey!
Watch your mouth.
Your play is getting rough
because you're desperate.
If you don't tone it down,
I'll have to give you a card.
Dammit!
Hey.
Hm?
Have you no shame?
Focusing so blatantly on the defense...
There's no fun in it.
Come on, bring it on.
True, this is no fun.
But everyone understands why it's necessary.
We refuse to lose to you, the youth team!
Esperion B
Seikyo High
What? You're weirding me out.
Asari... You're... a master at overlapping!
Huh?
You're a defender, right?
You just came back from
the front of the goal.
That's right.
You are somehow always behind me!
Hey, come back, you all!
And... And Kuroda is...
always positioning himself to
be in between me and Asari...
Don't tell me you were leisurely
observing our teammates.
We only have 30 minutes left.
I noticed right away!
As soon as I started paying attention,
I could see what they were doing.
I mean, you, Asari, and Kuroda are on
the same line, so it's kinda obvious.
No, that's not all!
And even if it is...
Hey, are you gonna be okay, Ashito?
Ohtomo, Togashi...
Huh?
All this time, I've been thinking,
"Why don't they get
the play I'm trying to make?"
"Why aren't they looking at me?" But...
I didn't even see what was
right in front of my eyes.
Maybe I was the one who
wasn't looking at them?
Let's switch them out, Nozomi-san.
If we don't, it will affect
their morale in the future.
Aoi and Asari especially
need to be called back.
Five more minutes.
Give me five more minutes to observe them.
Asari, return it to the center!
You'll be surrounded!
Asari!
Asari, Kuroda, and I are at an
equal distance most of the time.
If I get the ball and run with
it without even looking around,
they try and catch up with me. That's why.
I can't quite make sense
of what that means yet.
But Kuroda is over there right now.
If I were in Asari's place,
where would I want me to be?
I-It went through!
Aoi! Go cover him!
All right, a goal kick!
Too bad, youth team!
The ball finally went through
for you, but no good!
You got lucky, but it won't happen again!
That was another mistake by Aoi.
The ball went through nice and clean,
but he just stood there and did nothing.
Aoi's performance today is lackluster.
It's been five minutes, Nozomi-san.
Let's switch him out.
It is you who are lackluster today.
You're the one who always tells me to
think and see outside of the theory.
You're a hard-core Fukuda fanatic,
but I guess you're rattled because
our opponents have three goals on us?
We have 30 minutes to go.
I'm expecting to see
something exciting today.
For a second, I got my hopes up for you again.
Since the way you positioned
yourself just now...
and the one-touch pass
to Kuroda were perfect!
But seeing how you couldn't
even go in to cover,
you still don't understand anything!
Esperion's soccer isn't so easy to keep up
for a newbie who doesn't know anything...
Asari!
For those three...
Hm?
The three players on the left wing...
Oh, come on!
Why are you three passing the
ball back and forth between you?
Are you trying to kill time when
we're three points ahead of you?
Oh, I see!
Is one of those three your
boyfriend, by any chance?
I know! It's the cute one with blonde hair!
I can't quite put it into words.
But all of a sudden, something
shifted with those three.
I'm sorry, Kuroda!
Earlier, all I could think of
was how Asari was feeling,
and I didn't think of what you needed!
Pass, and then immediately go to
cover the receiver, am I right?
You're returning the ball to him again?
If I were Kuroda, where do I want me to be?
Ashito! The other side!
Ashito! I'm behind you, give it to me!
I'm sorry, Tachibana, Togashi!
Let me focus on the movements
of Asari and Kuroda!
Right now, I don't know why,
but a voice in my head is telling
me that it's what I have to do!
Oh, I see.
Those three... They're looking
each other in the eye.
They're talking with their eyes right now.
Go for a shot, Aoi!
I can do a middle-range shot... right now!
Well done!
It was a perfect play to
break them up, Aoi, Asari!
One goal to start!
Don't worry!
We're still up by two goals!
Let's defend for another
15 minutes, and we'll win!
"Don't worry"?
Is that really true?
I had no idea what was happening.
We have so many of us on defense,
yet they perfectly broke us up.
With only those three...
Come on, get back quickly!
You had a shot.
Why did you pass the ball to me?
I want to know that myself.
That's right. I had a shot then.
I did, but unconsciously,
I passed the ball to Asari.
Until now, I would have definitely
gone for the shot myself.
Because I don't want to compromise
my pride as a forward.
Then why did I...
That's right.
Teach me how to play soccer!
You're here because you
want to change, aren't you?
I see!
Right now, I'm learning how to play soccer!
Ashito!
Watch out! They're coming in from the side!
Like you said, something interesting
is happening with those three.
They're making eye contact,
almost incessantly,
to communicate with each other.
In sports like soccer where
situations can change in a second,
you rarely have time to
bark out instructions.
In which case, the most
effective method is...
Eye contact.
When Hans Ooft became general manager
of the Japan National team,
he ingrained that most basic of
the basics into his players.
And yet, even professional players
haven't necessarily mastered it.
Simply looking at each other's
eyes won't work.
There has to be a mutual understanding.
In that sense, those three
have an ideal relationship.
Asari, I need you to run in!
Okay!
I won't let you!
Now I'm getting it.
Three. This number is what really matters.
It can't be one or two.
Soccer is a sport where three
people carry the ball forward!
But what's most intriguing is...
What clicked for them so suddenly?
Yeah! This is so exciting!
To Kuroda!
No matter how tight the defense might be,
when three people who share the same mind
go at it, there's bound to be a gap!
Next Episode
This is a work of fiction, and bears no relation to any actual persons, organizations, or names.
The next episode of Aoashi is: "EAGLE EYE."